small lizards birds and insects of the
normal quarry but for a few weeks a year
there's much more on offer marine
iguanas prefer to keep to the water's
edge but during the nesting season
females must brave it inland to find
soft soil in which to lay their eggs but
she must go carefully the hawk patiently
waits to see if she drops her guard
she's reasonably safe close to her nest
Burroughs
but stray too far from color and she's
courting trouble
[Music]
the family has timed its breathing to
coincide with this plentiful supply of
food both parents take turns to hunt for
and feed their growing check is only a
few weeks old but he's got a healthy
appetite he can comfortably eat half an
iguana a day
you